Why the fuck do you think it's funny to ask me to fart?
wow look at me i am so funny for typing fart haha.
you are shit and not funny for typing that.
error 404 funny not found.
wow haha fart noise ooh look isnt it funny.
your family doesn't love you.
I'd sooner be capitalist than be your friend.
You’re the reason God created the middle finger.
You’re a grey sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.
If your brain was dynamite, there wouldn’t be enough to blow your hat off.
You are more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel.
Light travels faster than sound which is why you seemed bright until you spoke.
You're so annoying, you make your Happy Meal cry.
You have so many gaps in your teeth it looks like your tongue is in jail.
I forgot the world revolves around you. My apologies, how silly of me.
Hold still. I’m trying to imagine you with personality.
Your face makes onions cry.
I’m not insulting you, I’m describing you.
Face I make when I realise you're alive: 🤢
people clap their hands when they see you, their hands over their eyes.
i do not consider you a vulture, i consider you what a vulture eats.
you are literal proof that god has a sense of humour.
your birth certificate = apology letter from condom factory
if i throw a stick, will you leave?
I'd prefer a battle of wits, but u appear to be unarmed
the last time i saw something like you, i flushed it
you sound better with your mouth closed.
hail jane magwelle
two wrongs dont make a right, take your parents for example.
hey you have something on your chin, no the third one down.
mirrors can't talk, lucky you for you they cant laugh either.
you're as useless as the 'ueue' in queue
you're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard
if i had a face like your i'd sue my parents
your only chance of getting laid is to crawl up a chickens butt and wait
some day you'll go far and i hope you stay There
aha! i see the fuckup fairy has visited us again!
you must have been born on the motorway cos thats where most accidents happy.
if laughter is the best medicine your face must be curing the world
is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that came out of your mouth
so, a thought crossed your mind? must have been a long and lonely journey.
if i wanted to kill myslef, I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ
i'd agree with you but then we'd both be twats
when i see your face, there's not a thing i'd change. ...except the direction im walking in
if i had a dollar for everytime you said something smart, i'd be broke
when you were born the doctor threw you out of the window, and the window threw you back
i love what you've done with your hair, how'd you get it to come out of your nostrils like that?
